---
icon: fa-solid fa-people-group
title: Community
order: 4
---

<span style="font-size: 1.2rem;"> **Teaching and Tutoring :** I enjoy teaching and sharing my love and enthusiasm of astronomy and science with other students and the general public. I have taught underpriviledged kids from my time at Chennai and Nagpur, the experience being truly humbling. </span> <br>
<span style="font-size: 1.2rem;"> **Mentorship :** A lot of students landing at IISER for the first time are unsure when it comes to choosing their careers, as they have limited knowledge about a career in scientific research and the available options outside academia. To combat such notions and to provide proper guidance to these incoming kids, I interact with them as and when possible through various modes (offline and online). Whilst I was at IISER, we had created an informal group to meet with students of underpriviledged backgrounds and interact with them on a wide variety of topics. We then guide them towards relevant batchmates / immediate seniors who provide them further guidance. We also helped a lot of them to improve their english, as these kids usually did not have the best english speaking and writing skils. </span> <br>
<span style="font-size: 1.2rem;"> **Leadership :** Throughout my life, I have revelled in positions of leadership, regardless of the degree of responsibility. The biggest examination of this was when I was elected to the IISER-P Student council during 2021-2022, and was the seniormost councillor in the elected body. We chaired at a time when the 2nd wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in India was just starting to relent. To facilitate the process of bringing the campus back to normalcy, the council (along with the administration's efforts) focussed on bringing students back in batches of 60-70 each. We managed to being back everyone by the time our tenure came to an end. I was also the elected student representative of the Career Development and Placement Cell (CDPC) of the institute, and was responsible for organizing various events and workshops to facilitate the all-round development of students. We also revived the Campus-wide placement program, which had been discontinued due to the pandemic. As the elected representative of the dining services committee, I also took efforts to improve the dining facilities and sevices during my time. Aparrt from developing a rapport with the managing and working staff at the 2 mess providers, I also took efforts to understand their problems and to get the administration and the dining staff to a consensus on a lot of issues. </span> <br>
<span style="font-size: 1.2rem;"> **Inclusion :** As someone who belongs to the [Scheduled tribes](https://ncst.nic.in/), an officially-designated group of people that are among the most-disadvantaged socio-economic groups in India, I have always been an advocate of equality, inclusivity and diversity. IISER has been a place of equality and dversity </span> <br>